Lucky, this is the Demon Sect headquarters
Do you really want to break in alone?
Who said I was alone?
Isn't there you?
Don't make trouble, the sect master of the Demon Sect is the first in the world
Smell the color change
The power of the Demon Sect is even more enlightened
All over the country
Except for the legendary Shushan Sword Emperor
Once wiped out the Demon Sect with one sword
Since ancient times, it has been one foot higher than the devil
You go to the Demon Sect to die, don't take me with you
I am a part-time worker
Cowardly as chess
Wait for me to come back
It's over. It's over.
Qin Yun is really hopeless
Miss Qin Yun broke into the Eyelash Headquarters alone